Add documentation for usage of spack-execute module (#1632)
GoogleCloudPlatform/hpc-toolkit: community/modules/scripts/spack-execute/README.md

## Description

> This module creates a script that defines a build using Spack and perform any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module creates a script that defines a software build using Spack and performs any
```

Author: Done

additional customization to a Spack installation.

There are two main variable inputs that can be used to define a Spack build:
`data_files` and `commands`.

- `data_files`: Any files specified will be transferred to the machine running

>   outputted script. Data file `content` can be defined can be defined inline in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  outputted script. Data file `content` can be defined inline in
```

Author: Done

  the blueprint or can point to a `source`, an absolute local path of a file.
  This can be used to transfer environment definition files, config definition
  files, GPG keys, or software licenses. `data_files` are transferred before
  `commands` are run.
- `commands`: A script that is run. This can be used to perform actions such as

>   install compilers & packages, create environments, add a build cache, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  installation of compilers & packages, environment creation, adding a build cache, and
```

Author: Done

>   modify the spack configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  modifying the spack configuration.
```

Author: Done
